# flutter_yome

YoMe is a Social Networking App with live translation build in, You can video chat, send pictures, voices, with your language partner all around the world  YoMe is a tool for random chat, video chat,txt chat and more.never ever be alone!!!!  With around 45million downloaded user, you can find language partenr in a mimuntes.  The in-app translation from yome brings you the opportunity to express your core feelings in words as you want and to translate into your desiring person's way.  Meet new friends, Chat with Natives and learn languagesis the essential mission for YoMe  Misleading information is manipulated by the press for so many years, its time you can explore the true world with your own eyes.  YoMe Cares about your privacyand safety, unlike other app in the market, YoMe introduces AI judge in the app, they will conduct content analysis without real person involves, no sensitive data will be stored by us . In YoMe, your privacy is maintained at the highest level, , You can explore cultural diversity without any concerns  Language should not be an obstacle; everyone should have a chance to chat and meet someone far away from its physical location and even they do not understand each other's language and culture. We call it social networking equity, it is not just based on how many mutual contacts you have, it is all about how familiar you are about the cultures around the world and to be ready to get fascinated with more of that.  As the trending learning and culture exchange community for meeting new people, YoMe also connects you with native speakers of other languages (English, Chinese ,Japanese, Korean, Spanish, French, Cantonese, Portuguese, German, Italian, Russian, Arabic, and 100 more) for FREE!  Billions of people worldwide are learning foreign languages, somehow, most of them ignore the importance of speaking and real-life conversation practice. YoMe community where you can talk with native speakers and practice your skill anytime on the go.  On YoMe, everyone is matched with language exchange partners so you can teach each other your native languages and commonly used slang and quotes. Also, you can talk about the specialties of the local region.  The World is big, lets minimize the misleading information by media, and talk to the real person. --------------------  MainFeatures*   - Real people, Real talk, All Users are Real - Match with people of your desire - Practice your target language with native speakers via Video/txt /Pic messages. - Unlimited translation helps you communicate smoothly with friends. - Learning with YoMe is not having a curriculum or attending courses. No task required!  Meet someone new here and have fun while learning a new language.  *Get Involved in Another Culture*  When you learn a new language through YoMe, you can expect to explore a different culture and a new way of getting in touch with the world. With YoMe, you connect with real people. New friends who can assist you with your accent, explain their culture or be your guide while you travel Whether you are planning your next international holiday, preparing study overseas or moving to a new country, you’ll be ready with the help of YoMe community to tackle language barriers and experience cultural diversity.  😊 Learning foreign languages should be happy and easy. Keep chatting every day with YoMe language learning app

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
